STUDENT FINANCE TRACKER APPLICATION
User friendly GUI with features presented in an orderly fashion. The application should be neat, with everything necessary to the student being easy to navigate. A search bar which includes a drop down list presenting the features a student may be searching for. Imagery should be used to increase the user-friendliness of the application, with a neat color palette. A welcome message should greet the user in the home page. The buttons present should include: a balance page, scholarship opportunities page, friends page, and points page present within the page. The application may include schedules where the student may see their timetable. Offers should be present within the home page, such as discounted material a student may be inclined to purchase such as a laptop.

BALANCE PAGE0
Buttons taking you to a bank page which displays the current balance utilizing real-time balance tracking. Inside the bank page, there will be a section which displays the amount of points accumulated. There should be categories for different expenses such as food, rent, and books. An analytics page should be present as well, which would present any increases or decreases in spending, for example, "You spent 20% more on food."

POINTS SYSTEM
The points system should be dependent on various variables such as staying within budget, presenting passing grades (points varying on how good the grades are), and remaining consistent with your saving. For the acquisition of this points, they can also be redeemed through the scholarship system which is in place which provides you discounts on items or services which may be purchased with points. (Optional) but there could be a level system which affects the amount of points you earn.

SCHOLARSHIP SYSTEM
The scholarship system should be dependent on the average grades of the student, for example, a student who averages a 50 would not be eligible, while a student who averages a 75 is. Scholarship systems should also take into account the subjects, as that is an important aspect of a scholarship as it determines which institution would provide the scholarship. The country the student is based in and the institute providing the scholarships. Extracurricular activities may be in effect, as it may influence the likelihood of certain institutes offering scholarships.
There should be a matching system. For instance, if student A averages an 85, is a computer engineering student, is based in Malta, and their financial state is balanced. The application would calculate which scholarship works best for student A.

SOCIAL LAYER
There may be the option to add friends on the application, which you could choose to either reveal your spending habits or keep it private. There could also be a discussion board where the student could interact with other students in the same course. A database of people should be created in order to retrieve their banking information should their data be public. (Optional) the user may be able to see their friends' schedules.

SAFETY SYSTEM
Security is an extremely vital aspect of a banking application. A solid login system should be in effect which requires 2FA in order to keep the system extremely secure. The login system should have a counter which counts the amount of attempted logins, and if the user reaches 3 failed logins they will be timed out for 5 minutes. There should be a database containing the user's credentials linked to the program for this to function correctly. 



